30dayMapChallenge/README.md, before:

# Datasets for the 30 Day Map Challenge

## Data sources

### Day 1

- [`centralLondonTrafficSignals.csv`](centralLondonTrafficSignals.csv): Extracted from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).
- [`londonRegionTrafficSignals.csv`](londonRegionTrafficSignals.csv): Extracted from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).
- Monoton Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Monoton).

### Day 2

- Coastal vertices dervied from exterior boundaries of [ONS electoral regions ](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain).

### Day 3

- [`bloomsburyBuildings.json`](bloomsburyBuildings.json): Derived from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).
- [`bloomsburyFootways.json`](bloomsburyFootways.json): Derived from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).

### Day 4

- [`ukConstituenciesHex.csv`](ukConstituenciesHex.csv): Converted from data in hexjson format from [ODI Leeds](https://odileeds.org/projects/hexmaps/constituencies/).
- [`geResults2017.csv`](geResults2017.csv): Extracted from data provided by the [House of Commons Library](https://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/CBP-7979).

### Day 5

- [`worldGridmap.csv`](worldGridmap.csv): Derived and adapted from this [tile gridmap](https://github.com/mustafasaifee42/Tile-Grid-Map), which was converted from [Jonathan Schwabish's World Grid layout](https://policyviz.com/2017/10/12/the-world-tile-grid-map/).
- Compact labelling font: [Iosevka](https://github.com/be5invis/Iosevka).

### Day 6

- [`wales.json`](wales.json) derived from [ONS electoral boundaries](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain)
- [`walesBlueLines.json`](walesBlueLines.json) and [`walesStreamNodes.csv`](walesStreamNodes.csv) derived from [Ordnance Survey Open Rivers dataset](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#OPRVRS) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
- Cinzel Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Cinzel).

### Day 7

- [`gbCoastlineOSGB.json`](gbCoastlineOSGB.json) derived from [ONS electoral boundaries](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain)
- [`gbRedDensity.csv`](gbRedDensity.csv), [`gbRedNames.tsv`](gbRedNames.tsv), [`gbCochDensity.csv`](gbCochDensity.csv), [`gbCochNames.tsv`](gbCochNames.tsv), [`gbDeargDensity.csv`](gbDeargDensity.csv) and [`gbDeargNames.tsv`](gbDeargNames.tsv), derived from [Ordnance Survey Open Names dataset](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#OPNAME) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
- Fjalla One Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fjalla+One).

### Day 8

- [`londonBoroughCentroids`](londonBoroughCentroids) calculated from [London Borough boundaries](https://data.london.gov.uk/dataset/statistical-gis-boundary-files-london) from the London Datastore.
- [`greenBoroughs.csv`](greenBoroughs.csv) derived from the Ordance Survey [Open Greenspace dataset](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#OPGRSP) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
- Roboto Condensed Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Condensed).

### Day 9

- [`solarDNI.csv`](solarDNI.csv) derived from the [NREL Direct Normal Incidence Solar Radiation model](https://www.nrel.gov/gis/data-solar.html).
- Alfa Slab One Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Alfa+Slab+One).

### Day 10

- [`gbCoastlineOSGB.json`](gbCoastlineOSGB.json) derived from [ONS electoral boundaries](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain)
- [`abrahamDayPoints.csv`](abrahamDayPoints.csv) and [`abrahamNightPoints`](abrahamNightPoints.csv) derived from Strava GPS tracks.
- Roboto Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto).

### Day 11

- [`highFellsElevation.csv`](highFellsElevation.csv) derived from selected elevation data in [Ordnance Survey Terrain 50](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#TERR50) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).

- FatFont-Rotunda and FatFont7 Font: [FatFonts](http://fatfonts.org).

### Day 12

- xxx

### Day 13

- xxx

### Day 14

- xxx

### Day 15

- xxx

### Day 16

- xxx

### Day 17

- xxx

### Day 18

- xxx

### Day 19

- xxx

### Day 20

- xxx

### Day 21

- xxx

### Day 22

- xxx

### Day 23

- xxx

### Day 24

- xxx

### Day 25

- xxx

### Day 26

- xxx

### Day 27

- xxx

### Day 28

- xxx

### Day 29

- xxx

### Day 30

- [`homeProfiles.csv`](homeProfiles.csv) derived from selected elevation data in [Ordnance Survey Terrain 50](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#TERR50) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).

Commit message:

30 day map challenge data - day 12

30dayMapChallenge/README.md, after:

# Datasets for the 30 Day Map Challenge

## Data sources

### Day 1

- [`centralLondonTrafficSignals.csv`](centralLondonTrafficSignals.csv): Extracted from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).
- [`londonRegionTrafficSignals.csv`](londonRegionTrafficSignals.csv): Extracted from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).
- Monoton Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Monoton).

### Day 2

- Coastal vertices dervied from exterior boundaries of [ONS electoral regions ](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain).

### Day 3

- [`bloomsburyBuildings.json`](bloomsburyBuildings.json): Derived from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).
- [`bloomsburyFootways.json`](bloomsburyFootways.json): Derived from [Open Street Map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/search?query=london#map=11/51.5077/-0.1274).

### Day 4

- [`ukConstituenciesHex.csv`](ukConstituenciesHex.csv): Converted from data in hexjson format from [ODI Leeds](https://odileeds.org/projects/hexmaps/constituencies/).
- [`geResults2017.csv`](geResults2017.csv): Extracted from data provided by the [House of Commons Library](https://researchbriefings.parliament.uk/ResearchBriefing/Summary/CBP-7979).

### Day 5

- [`worldGridmap.csv`](worldGridmap.csv): Derived and adapted from this [tile gridmap](https://github.com/mustafasaifee42/Tile-Grid-Map), which was converted from [Jonathan Schwabish's World Grid layout](https://policyviz.com/2017/10/12/the-world-tile-grid-map/).
- Compact labelling font: [Iosevka](https://github.com/be5invis/Iosevka).

### Day 6

- [`wales.json`](wales.json) derived from [ONS electoral boundaries](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain)
- [`walesBlueLines.json`](walesBlueLines.json) and [`walesStreamNodes.csv`](walesStreamNodes.csv) derived from [Ordnance Survey Open Rivers dataset](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#OPRVRS) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
- Cinzel Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Cinzel).

### Day 7

- [`gbCoastlineOSGB.json`](gbCoastlineOSGB.json) derived from [ONS electoral boundaries](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain)
- [`gbRedDensity.csv`](gbRedDensity.csv), [`gbRedNames.tsv`](gbRedNames.tsv), [`gbCochDensity.csv`](gbCochDensity.csv), [`gbCochNames.tsv`](gbCochNames.tsv), [`gbDeargDensity.csv`](gbDeargDensity.csv) and [`gbDeargNames.tsv`](gbDeargNames.tsv), derived from [Ordnance Survey Open Names dataset](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#OPNAME) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
- Fjalla One Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Fjalla+One).

### Day 8

- [`londonBoroughCentroids`](londonBoroughCentroids) calculated from [London Borough boundaries](https://data.london.gov.uk/dataset/statistical-gis-boundary-files-london) from the London Datastore.
- [`greenBoroughs.csv`](greenBoroughs.csv) derived from the Ordance Survey [Open Greenspace dataset](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#OPGRSP) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
- Roboto Condensed Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Condensed).

### Day 9

- [`solarDNI.csv`](solarDNI.csv) derived from the [NREL Direct Normal Incidence Solar Radiation model](https://www.nrel.gov/gis/data-solar.html).
- Alfa Slab One Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Alfa+Slab+One).

### Day 10

- [`gbCoastlineOSGB.json`](gbCoastlineOSGB.json) derived from [ONS electoral boundaries](https://geoportal.statistics.gov.uk/datasets/european-electoral-regions-december-2016-full-clipped-boundaries-in-great-britain)
- [`abrahamDayPoints.csv`](abrahamDayPoints.csv) and [`abrahamNightPoints`](abrahamNightPoints.csv) derived from Strava GPS tracks.
- Roboto Font: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto).

### Day 11

- [`highFellsElevation.csv`](highFellsElevation.csv) derived from selected elevation data in [Ordnance Survey Terrain 50](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#TERR50) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).

- FatFont-Rotunda and FatFont7 Font: [FatFonts](http://fatfonts.org).

### Day 12

- [`usGridmap`](usGridmap) derived from [the arrangement described by Jonathan Schwabish](https://policyviz.com/2016/04/13/tile-grid-maps-in-excel/)
- [`usStateMigration.csv`](usStateMigration.csv) derived from the [US Census Bureau's migration data](https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/geographic-mobility/state-to-state-migration.html).

### Day 13

- xxx

### Day 14

- xxx

### Day 15

- xxx

### Day 16

- xxx

### Day 17

- xxx

### Day 18

- xxx

### Day 19

- xxx

### Day 20

- xxx

### Day 21

- xxx

### Day 22

- xxx

### Day 23

- xxx

### Day 24

- xxx

### Day 25

- xxx

### Day 26

- xxx

### Day 27

- xxx

### Day 28

- xxx

### Day 29

- xxx

### Day 30

- [`homeProfiles.csv`](homeProfiles.csv) derived from selected elevation data in [Ordnance Survey Terrain 50](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/opendatadownload/products.html#TERR50) (public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0).
